作文必备加分句型

### 常用英语谑语

1. Actions speak louder than words.事实胜于雄辩
2. All roads lead to Rome. 条条大路通罗马
3. A good beginn is half done.良好的开端是成功的一半
4. Every advantage has its disadvantage.有利必有弊
6. A missis as good as a mile. 失之毫厘，差之千里
6. Failure is the mother of success.失败是成功之母
7. To err is human, to forgive is divine人非圣贤，孰能无过
8. One is never too old to learn活到老，学到老
9. Knowledge is power.知识就是力量
10. Where there is a will, there is a way
    世上无难事，只要肯攀登

作文必备亮点词汇
形容词
1明显的: obvious / apparent/ evident/ manifest
2优秀的: excellent/ eminent/top / out- standing
3惊人的: surprising/ amazing / extraordi- nary/ miraculous
4消极的,不良的: bad/ detrimental/ banefull undesirable
5美丽的: beautifull attractivel gorgeous/ eye-catching
6积极的,好的: good/ conducive/ beneficial advantageous
7贫穷的: poor/ needy/ impoverished / poverty-stricken
8有活力的: energetic/ dynamic/ animated 9健康的: healthy/ robust/ sound/whole- some
10富裕的: rich/ wealhy affuent/ well-to-do/ well-off
11流行的: popular/ prevailing/ pervasive
作文必备亮点词汇
名词

1. 人类: human beings/ mankind / human race
2. 影响: influence/ impact 
3. 危险: danger / perill hazard 4,污染: pollution /contamination
4. 老人: old people/the old /the elderly /the aged /senior citizens
    6·幸福: happiness /well-being
    7·老师: teachers instructors/educators 8.教育: education /schooling /upbringing 9·青少年: young people lyoungsters youths /adolescents
    10.优点: advantage /merits / superiority Nirtue
    11责任: responsibilitylobligation/ duty hia- billity

12. 能力: abilitylcapacity/power/skill
13. 职业: job/ careerlemployment /profes- sion
14. 娱乐: enjoyment /pastimes /recrea- tion/entertainment
15. 孩子: children /offspring/descendantkic
    作文必备亮点词汇
    动词
    1,提高,加强: improve/enhance/pro- mote/strengthen/optimize
    2 解决: solve/resolvel cope with/deal with 3,拆除: destroy/knock downleradicate 4·引起: cause /trigger
    5·培养: develop/cultivate/foster/nurture 6·激发,鼓励: encourage/motivate/stimu- late
    7,认为: think/asserthold/claim /argue 8·完成: complete/fulfil/accompishachieve 9,保留: keep/preserve/retain/hold
    10.有害于: destroy/impair/undermine/ jeop- ardize
    11,减轻: easelalleviate/relieve/lighten
    作文必备加分句型
    表证明
16. No one can deny the fact that .. 2.The idea is hardly supported by facts. 3.Unfortunately, none of the available data shows...
17. Recent studies inicate that.. 5. There is sufficient evidence to show that..
18. According to statistics proved by ... it can be seen that…..
   作文必备加分句型
   表反驳
   1.t is true that.. buo ne vial lont si seing left out.
   2.There is a grain of truth in these state- ments, but they ignore a more important fact.
   3.Some people say.., but it does not hol water.
   4.Many of us have been under the illusion that...
   5.A close examination would reveal how ri- diculous the statement is
   6.It makes no sense to argue for ...
19. Too much stress placed on ... may lead to ...
20. Such a statement mainly rests on the assumption that...
21. Contrary to what is widely accepted,l maintain that ....
   作文必备加分句型
   结尾
   1.From what has been discussed / men- tioned above, we may conclude that .. 2. Therefore, it is not difficult to draw / come to the conclusion that ...
22. As far as I am concerned, l agree with the latter opinion to some extent
23. From all the reasons / consideration above, it is clear / obvious that..
24. Taking into account all these factors, we may reach the conclusion that...
25. Given the reasons / consideration I have just outtined / discussed / presented, I strongly recommend that..
26. All in all, what really matters is ...
27. It is essential that effective measures be taken to...
28. From what has been discussed above we may reasonably draw the conclusion that ...
29. As a result, we should take some effec- tive steps to .
30. Judging by the figures / statistics, it is not difficult to see that..
    作文必备加分句型


开头
1.Recently the phenomenon has become a heated topic
2.Recently the problem has been brought into focus.
3. Nowadays there is a growing concern over..
4. What calls for special attention is that... 5.It is common knowledge that....
6.It is well-known that .
7.Many nations have been faced with the problem of...
8.According to a recent survey... 9.With the rapid development of...
作文必备加分句型
@RB报 PEOPLE S ALY
表原因
1.A number of factors are accountable for this situation/contribute to (lead to)(account for ) the phenomenon(problem)
2. The answer to this problem involves many factors
3. The phenomenon mainly stems from the fact that...
4. The factors that contribute to this situa- tion include...
5. The change in ...largely results from the fact that..
6. Part of the explanations for it is that... 7. One of the most common factors (caus- es) is that...
8. Another contributing factor (cause) is... 9. Perhaps the primary factor is that... 10. But the fundamental cause is that...